(2995) Fix: flaky sign in spec (#2267)
UKGovernmentBEIS/beis-report-official-development-assistance: doc/user-and-authenitcation.md

Reviewer: Typo in filename! ;) `users-and-authentication` maybe? Or just `authentication`?

# Users and authentication

> The applications faciliates user management, authentication and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The applications facilitates user management, authentication and
```

authorisation itself.

## Two factor authentication

> We rely on the following gems to buld out the two factor authenication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We rely on the following gems for our implementation of two factor authentication:
```

- [Devise](https://github.com/heartcombo/devise)
- [Devise-Two-Factor
  Authentication](https://github.com/devise-two-factor/devise-two-factor)

As there are a number of Devise 2FA gems, make sure you are referencing the
correct documentation!

Our one time passwords are time based. Generally speaking OTP have a concept of
'drift' to allow for differences in the time on both the service and client.

> Whilst many 2FA Devise gems have seperate setting for the expiry and drift,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whilst many 2FA Devise gems have separate setting for the expiry and drift,
```

Devise-Two-Factor does not appear to, combining them into a single

> `[otp_allowed_drift](https://github.com/devise-two-factor/devise-two-factor#enabling-two-factor-authentication)` that we have set to 5 mintues in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[otp_allowed_drift](https://github.com/devise-two-factor/devise-two-factor#enabling-two-factor-authentication)` that we have set to 5 minutes in
```

`[config/initializers/devise.rb](https://github.com/UKGovernmentBEIS/beis-report-official-development-assistance/blob/develop/config/initializers/devise.rb)`.

> Something appears to introduce an addtitional 30 seconds on top of this which is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Something appears to introduce an additional 30 seconds on top of this, which is
```
